[VEN-1899]: add technical docs for token converter, RiskFundV2, ProtocolShareReserve and XVSVaultTreasury (#70)
VenusProtocol/venus-protocol-documentation: technical-reference/reference-technical-articles/technical-doc-token-converter.md

# Overview

{% hint style="info" %}
Only available on BNB chain
{% endhint %}

> The **Venus protocol** generates income in various underlying tokens, from interest reserves and liquidation fees, that subsequently conveyed to the [ProtocolShareReserve](https://bscscan.com/address/0xCa01D5A9A248a830E9D93231e791B1afFed7c446) contract. The `ProtocolShareReserve` contract disburses these earnings to number of destinations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Venus Protocol** generates income in various underlying tokens from interest and liquidation fees, that are then sent to the [ProtocolShareReserve](https://bscscan.com/address/0xCa01D5A9A248a830E9D93231e791B1afFed7c446) contract. The `ProtocolShareReserve` contract disburses these earnings to number of destinations:
```

- Prime converters:
    - [USDTPrimeConverter](https://bscscan.com/address/0xD9f101AA67F3D72662609a2703387242452078C3): accepting [USDT](https://bscscan.com/address/0x55d398326f99059fF775485246999027B3197955) and offering 4% of the interest reserves
    - [USDCPrimeConverter](https://bscscan.com/address/0xa758c9C215B6c4198F0a0e3FA46395Fa15Db691b): accepting [USDC](https://bscscan.com/address/0x8AC76a51cc950d9822D68b83fE1Ad97B32Cd580d) and offering 3% of the interest reserves
    - [BTCBPrimeConverter](https://bscscan.com/address/0xE8CeAa79f082768f99266dFd208d665d2Dd18f53): accepting [BTCB](https://bscscan.com/address/0x7130d2A12B9BCbFAe4f2634d864A1Ee1Ce3Ead9c) and offering 0.5% of the interest reserves
    - [ETHPrimeConverter](https://bscscan.com/address/0xca430B8A97Ea918fF634162acb0b731445B8195E): accepting [ETH](https://bscscan.com/address/0x2170Ed0880ac9A755fd29B2688956BD959F933F8) and offering 2.5% of the interest reserves
- [VTreasury](https://bscscan.com/address/0xf322942f644a996a617bd29c16bd7d231d9f35e9)

`XVSVaultConverter` and every Prime converter are instances of `SingleTokenConverter` contract.

> `RiskFundConverter` and `SingleTokenConverter` convert the incoming earnings into specific tokens, with `RiskFundConverter` converting them into RiskFund's convertible base asset and `SingleTokenConverters` converting them into their `baseAsset`. Each time a conversion gets complete, the resulting tokens are sent to their destination addresses, respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`RiskFundConverter` and `SingleTokenConverter` convert incoming earnings into specific tokens, with `RiskFundConverter` converting them into RiskFund's convertible base asset and `SingleTokenConverters` converting them into their `baseAsset`. Each time a conversion is completed, the resulting tokens are sent to their respective destination addresses.
```

> The following diagram illustrates the flow of funds between contracts and the architecture it has:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following diagram illustrates the flow of funds between contracts and the architecture it has:
```
```suggestion
The following diagram illustrates the flow of funds between contracts and its architecture:
```

> <figure><img src="../../.gitbook/assets/token_converter_funds.svg" alt="Integration of Token converters in the Venus protocol"><figcaption>Integration of Token converters in the Venus protocol</figcaption></figure>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<figure><img src="../../.gitbook/assets/token_converter_funds.svg" alt="Integration of Token Converters in the Venus Protocol"><figcaption>Integration of Token Converters in the Venus protocol</figcaption></figure>
```

- The transfer of funds to and from the `ProtocolShareReserve` contract are initiated by external agents (permissionless).

> - The transfers of funds from the Token converters to their destinations are performed on each conversion. The conversions are performed by external agents (permissionless).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The transfers of funds from the Token Converters to their destinations are performed on each conversion. The conversions are performed by external agents (permissionless).
```

If we are using Token Converter as a proper name we should capitalize both words or write them both lowercase

- The transfer of XVS from the `XVSVaultTreasury` to the `XVSVault` will be performed via VIP.

`RiskFundConverter` and `SingleTokenConverters` possess the ability to "facilitate" token conversions for the income they receive, obtaining the desired tokens (base asset) by relying on oracle prices as reference points to accept conversions that external agents will carry out.

> Venus encourages these conversions by providing incentives that create arbitrage opportunities in the market, with the expectation that external agents will seize upon these opportunities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Venus encourages these conversions by providing incentives that create arbitrage opportunities in the market, with the expectation that external agents will seize these opportunities.
```

> The diagram below illustrates the connection between income harvesting (the process by which Venus transfers income from its sources to the `ProtocolShareReserve`), distribution (application of the protocol's Tokenomics-defined rules), and conversion (acquiring the required base assets).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The diagram below illustrates the connection between income harvesting (the process by which Venus transfers income to the `ProtocolShareReserve`), distribution (application of the protocol's Tokenomics-defined rules), and conversion (acquiring the required base assets).
```

<figure><img src="../../.gitbook/assets/token_converters_sequence.svg" alt="Diagram showing the relationship among the harvesting, distribution, and converting of income"><figcaption>Relationship among the harvesting, distribution, and converting of income</figcaption></figure>

> Regarding the destinations of the Token converters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Regarding the destinations of the Token Converters:
```

Reviewer: I'm not sure about the exact level of heading but using headings instead of phrases with colons providers a better hierarchical organization

Reviewer: Looks like there are no 2 level headings so could be 2

- `RiskFund` already includes the integration with the `Shortfall` contract. The USDT received in the conversions will be [auctioned off in the Shortfall contract](shortfall-and-auctions.md).

> - `XVSVaultTreasury` accumulates the XVS received in the conversions; those XVS will be sent to the `XVSVault` eventually via VIP, which will update also the APR in the `XVSVault`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `XVSVaultTreasury` accumulates the XVS received in the conversions. Those XVS will be sent to the `XVSVault` eventually via VIP, which will update also the APR in the `XVSVault`.
```

> - `PrimeLiquidityProvider` accumulates [the Prime funds](prime.md), distributing them according to the speeds configured via VIP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `PrimeLiquidityProvider` accumulates [the Prime funds](prime.md) and distributes them according to the speeds configured via VIP.
```

# `AbstractTokenConverter`

> `AbstractTokenConverter` contract provides every feature to configure and convert the desired assets. The `RiskFundConverter` and the `SingleTokenConverters` extend this abstract contract (that could also be extended by any other contract in the future because it provides their features in an agnostic way).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`AbstractTokenConverter` contract provides required features to configure and convert desired assets. The `RiskFundConverter` and the `SingleTokenConverters` extend this abstract contract (that could also be extended by other contracts in the future because it provides these features agnostically).
```

## Configuration of conversions

There will be one configuration per pair `tokenAddressIn / tokenAddressOut`. Only authorized contracts (Governance) will be able to add or update these configurations. The configuration for a conversion includes:

- `tokenAddressIn` and `tokenAddressOut`: address of the token accepted by the converter in the conversion, and the address of the token sent to the user/wallet from the converter in the conversion
- `incentive`: percentage used to increase the amount finally sent to the user (see below).

> - `conversionAccess` (see more about private conversions below):
>     - `NONE`: Conversion is disabled for the pair
>     - `ALL`: Conversion is enabled for private conversion and users
>     - `ONLY_FOR_CONVERTERS`: Conversion is enabled only for private conversion
>     - `ONLY_FOR_USERS`: Conversion is enabled only for users

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `conversionAccess`:
    - `NONE`: Conversion is disabled for the pair
    - `ALL`: Conversion is enabled for private conversion and users
    - `ONLY_FOR_CONVERTERS`: Conversion is enabled only for private conversion (see more about private conversions below)
    - `ONLY_FOR_USERS`: Conversion is enabled only for users
```

For example, in the `XVSVaultConverter` there would be a configuration entry with these values:

- `tokenAdressIn`: XVS token address (the converter accepts XVS)
- `tokenAddressOut`: BTCB token address (the converter offers BTCB)
- `incentive`: 0 (initially there won't be any incentive)
- `conversionAccess`: ALL (everyone can perform conversions of XVS for BTCB in the `XVSVaultConverter`)

## Incentives

> To incentivize conversions we allow an increase in the final amount sent out from the converter contract. Example:
> 
> - Given:
>     - Conversion rate provided by the oracle: 1 XVS = 5 USDC
>     - Incentive: 10%
> - If the user sends 1 XVS to the contract, they will receive 5.5 USDC (5 USDC base + 0.5 USDC applying the incentive).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To incentivize conversions we allow an increase in the final amount sent out from the converter contract. 

### Example

Given:
    - Conversion rate provided by the oracle: 1 XVS = 5 USDC
    - Incentive: 10%
    
If the user sends 1 XVS to the contract, they will receive 5.5 USDC (5 USDC base + 0.5 USDC applying the incentive).
```
We have a couple different formats for examples. I copied this one from the liquidation docs

> To incentivize conversions we allow an increase in the final amount sent out from the converter contract. Example:
> 
> - Given:
>     - Conversion rate provided by the oracle: 1 XVS = 5 USDC
>     - Incentive: 10%
> - If the user sends 1 XVS to the contract, they will receive 5.5 USDC (5 USDC base + 0.5 USDC applying the incentive).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To incentivize conversions we allow an increase in the final amount sent out from the converter contract. 

**Example:**

- Given:
    - Conversion rate provided by the oracle: 1 XVS = 5 USDC
    - Incentive: 10%
- If the user sends 1 XVS to the contract, they will receive 5.5 USDC (5 USDC base + 0.5 USDC applying the incentive).
```

This format is used further down in the document though and in the Prime doc

> The incentive is applied on the base out amount calculated using the conversion rate, calculated with the oracle prices. Incentives will be defined using normal VIP’s, following the Governance mechanism. Each pair of tokens can have a different incentive value. Bigger incentives can be set for converting tokens with lower liquidity, for example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The incentive is applied on the base out amount calculated using the conversion rate, which is based on oracle prices. Incentives will be defined using normal VIP’s, following the Governance mechanism. Each pair of tokens can have a different incentive value. Bigger incentives can be set for converting tokens with lower liquidity, for example.
```

> ## Interaction with the token converter contracts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Interaction with the Token Converter contracts
```

> ### Get amount out

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Get Amount Out
```
Capitalize titles

View function `getAmountOut(uint256 amountInMantissa, address tokenAddressIn, address tokenAddressOut) returns (uint256 amountConvertedMantissa, uint256 amountOutMantissa)`, to request the amount of `tokenAddressOut` tokens that a sender would receive providing `amountInMantissa` tokens of `tokenAddressIn`, where:

- Params:
    - `amountInMantissa`: the amount of `tokenAddressIn` tokens the sender would provide to perform the conversion. It is defined in terms of the mantissa of `tokenAddressIn`
    - `tokenAddressIn`: the address of the token provided by the sender to get tokens of `tokenAddressOut`
    - `tokenAddressOut`: the address of the token to get after the conversion
- Returned values:

>     - `amountConvertedMantissa`: the amount of `tokenAddressIn` that would be really transferred from the sender to the contract. If there is enough liquidity of `tokenAddressOut` in the contract (use the virtual function `balanceOf(address token)`), this amount is equal to `amountInMantissa`. Otherwise, it will be less than that amount

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `amountConvertedMantissa`: the amount of `tokenAddressIn` that would ultimately be transferred from the sender to the contract. This will be the lesser of the converter's liquidity (available with `balanceOf(address token)`) or `amountConvertedMantissa`.
```

    - `amountOutMantissa`: the amount of `tokenAddressOut` tokens that the sender would receive in that transaction if they provide `amountInMantissa` tokens of `tokenAddressIn`. It is defined in terms of the mantissa of `tokenAddressOut`.

Internally, this function uses:

- the oracle to calculate the conversion rate to apply
- the configuration for the pair `tokenAddressIn / tokenAddressOut`, to apply the right discount

There must be a `ConversionConfig` entry for the pair `tokenAddressIn / tokenAddressOut`. Otherwise, the transaction is reverted.

The convert functions use this view to calculate how many tokens must be transferred.

**Example:**

> - Current status:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Given:
```

    - There is a configuration entry for the pair `tokenAddressIn / tokenAddressOut`: XVS/USDC. That means, the contract accepts conversions where the sender sends XVS to the contract, and the contract sends USDC to the sender. This will be a potential setup in the `XVSVaultConverter` contract.
    - Current liquidity: 100 USDC
    - Current conversion rate, given by the oracle: 1 XVS = 5 USDC
    - Configured discount: 1%
- Invocation 1: `getAmountOut(15 * 10^18, address(XVS), address(USDC))`

>     - It means: how many USDC would the sender receive if they would provide **15 XVS** to the contract

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    How many USDC would the sender receive if they sent **15 XVS** to the contract
```

> - Invocation 1: `getAmountOut(15 * 10^18, address(XVS), address(USDC))`
>     - It means: how many USDC would the sender receive if they would provide **15 XVS** to the contract
>     - Response:
>         - `amountConvertedMantissa`: 15 * 10^18. There is enough liquidity of USDC to use 100% of the provided amount
>         - `amountOutMantissa`: (15 * (5/1) * 10^18) * 1,01 = 75,75 * 10^18. That is **75,75 USDC**. Where:
>             - 15 is the input amount
>             - 1,01 is the application of the discount
>             - 5/1 is the conversion rate given by the oracles
> - Invocation 2: `getAmountOut(25 * 10^18, address(XVS), address(USDC))`
>     - It means: how many USDC would the sender receive if they provided **25 XVS** to the contract
>     - In this case, there isn’t enough liquidity to use 100% of the input amount (25 XVS would be 126,25 USDC), so 100% of the liquidity will be the `amountOutMantissa`, and this function (`getAmountOut`) calculates the input amount needed to “cover” that amount (taking into account the discount)
>     - Response:
>         - `amountConvertedMantissa`: ((100 / 1,01) / 5) * 10^18 = **19,80 XVS**, where:
>             - 100 is the liquidity of USDC in the contract
>             - 1,01 is the application of the discount
>             - 5 is the conversion rate given by the oracles
>         - `amountOutMantissa`: 100 * 10^18. That is **100 USDC**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Invocation 1: `getAmountOut(15 * 10^18, address(XVS), address(USDC))`
    - It means: how many USDC would the sender receive if they would provide **15 XVS** to the contract
    - Response:
        - `amountConvertedMantissa`: $ 15 * 10^{18} $

            There is enough liquidity of USDC to use 100% of the provided amount

        - `amountOutMantissa`: $(15 * (5/1) * 10^{18}) * 1.01 = 75.75 * 10^{18}$. 
            That is **75.75 USDC**.
            
            Where:
            - 15 is the input amount
            - 1,01 is the application of the discount
            - 5/1 is the conversion rate given by the oracles

- Invocation 2: `getAmountOut(25 * 10^18, address(XVS), address(USDC))`
    - How many USDC would the sender receive if they provided **25 XVS** to the contract?
    - In this case, there isn’t enough liquidity to convert 100% of the input amount (25 XVS would be 126.25 USDC), so 100% of the liquidity will be the `amountOutMantissa`, and this function (`getAmountOut`) calculates the input amount needed to “cover” that amount (taking into account the discount).
    - Response:
        - `amountConvertedMantissa`: $((100 / 1,01) / 5) * 10^18 = 19.80$
        Where:
            - 100 is the liquidity of USDC in the contract
            - 1,01 is the application of the discount
            - 5 is the conversion rate given by the oracles
            - 19.80 is the amount of XVS needed to review the available liquidity
        - `amountOutMantissa`: 100 * 10^18. That is **100 USDC**
```

### Get amount in

> View function `getAmountIn(uint256 amountOutMantissa, address tokenAddressIn, address tokenAddressOut) returns (uint256 amountInMantissa, uint256 amountConvertedMantissa)`, to request the amount of `tokenAddressIn` tokens that a sender should send to the contract, to receive `amountOutMantissa` tokens of `tokenAddressOut`, where:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
View function `getAmountIn(uint256 amountOutMantissa, address tokenAddressIn, address tokenAddressOut) returns (uint256 amountInMantissa, uint256 amountConvertedMantissa)`, to request the amount of `tokenAddressIn` tokens that a sender should send to the contract, to receive `amountOutMantissa` tokens of `tokenAddressOut`. 

Where:
```

- Parameters:
    - `amountOutMantissa`: the amount of `tokenAddressOut` tokens the sender would like to receive in the conversion. It is defined in terms of the mantissa of `tokenAddressOut`
    - `tokenAddressIn`: the address of the token provided by the sender to get tokens of `tokenAddressOut`
    - `tokenAddressOut`: the address of the token to get after the conversion
- Returned values:
    - `amountInMantissa`: the amount of `tokenAddressIn` tokens that the sender has to send to the contract to receive `amountConvertedMantissa` tokens of `tokenAddressOut`
    - `amountConvertedMantissa`: the amount of `tokenAddressOut` tokens that would be really transferred from the contract to the sender if the user sends `amountInMantissa` tokens of `tokenAddressIn` to the contract. If there is enough liquidity of `tokenAddressOut` in the contract, this amount is equal to `amountOutMantissa`. Otherwise, it will be less than the amount

> Examples:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Example:**

- Given:
```

Reviewer: Updating to match previous example format

- Invocation 1: `getAmountIn(40 * 10^18, address(XVS), address(USDC))`

>     - The configuration enables for `tokenAddressIn / tokenAddressOut`: XVS/USDC
>     - Current liquidity: 100 USDC
>     - Current conversion rate, given by the oracle: 1 XVS = 5 USDC
>     - Configured discount: 0%

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

    - Response:

>         - `amountInMantissa`: 8 * 10^18 (XVS)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - `amountInMantissa`: $8 * 10^18$ (XVS)
```

>         - `amountConvertedMantissa`: 40 * 10^18 (USDC), equal to the `amountOutMantissa` param

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - `amountConvertedMantissa`: $40 * 10^18$ (USDC), equal to the `amountOutMantissa` param
```

- Invocation 2: `getAmountIn(120 * 10^18, address(XVS), address(USDC))`

>     - The configuration enables for `tokenAddressIn / tokenAddressOut`: XVS/USDC
>     - Current liquidity: 100 USDC
>     - Current conversion rate, given by the oracle: 1 XVS = 5 USDC
>     - Configured discount: 0%

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    - Response:

>         - `amountInMantissa`: 20 * 10^18 (XVS)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - `amountInMantissa`: $20 * 10^{18}$ (XVS)
```

>         - `amountConvertedMantissa`: 100 * 10^18 (USDC), different from the `amountOutMantissa` param because there is not enough liquidity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - `amountConvertedMantissa`: $100 * 10^{18}$ (USDC), different from the `amountOutMantissa` param because there is not enough liquidity
```

### Conversions fixing the amount in

> Function `convertExactTokens(uint256 amountInMantissa, uint256 amountOutMinMantissa, address tokenAddressIn, address tokenAddressOut, address to)`, where:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Function `convertExactTokens(uint256 amountInMantissa, uint256 amountOutMinMantissa, address tokenAddressIn, address tokenAddressOut, address to)`

Where:
```

- `amountInMantissa`: the number of tokens (`tokensAddressIn`) the sender wants to convert
    - It’s defined in the mantissa of the `tokenAddressIn`

>     - Examples:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Example:**
```

Reviewer: examples should be written in a consistent format for readability

>     - Examples:
>         - 1 [TRX](https://bscscan.com/address/0xce7de646e7208a4ef112cb6ed5038fa6cc6b12e3) (6 decimals in BSC), will be 1000000
>         - 1 [USDC](https://bscscan.com/address/0x8ac76a51cc950d9822d68b83fe1ad97b32cd580d) (18 decimals in BSC), will be 1000000000000000000

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
nit: I'm not sure this is necessary at this point. We have almost gotten to the end of the document and this is the first time we are explaining and giving examples what it means to define a token in its mantissa. I think it is out of scope

> - `amountOutMinMantissa`: the minimum amount of `tokenAddressOut` tokens the sender accepts to receive in the conversion. It’s defined in the mantissa of the `tokenAddressOut`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `amountOutMinMantissa`: the minimum amount of `tokenAddressOut` tokens the sender is willing to receive in the conversion. It’s defined in the mantissa of the `tokenAddressOut`.
```

>     - If the amount that would be finally transferred to `to` is less than `amountOutMinMantissa`, the transaction is reverted

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If the amount that would finally be transferred to `to` is less than `amountOutMinMantissa`, the transaction is reverted
```

- `tokenAddressIn`: the address of the token provided by the sender to perform the conversion. For instance, in the `XVSVaultConverter` and in the `RiskFundConverter` there will be configurations to accept XVS and USDT token addresses respectively
- `tokenAddressOut`: the address of the token the sender wants to receive with the execution of the conversion
- `to`: the address where the tokens of `tokenAddressOut` should be sent

The received tokens (`amountInMantissa`) are transferred, in the same transaction, to the `destination` address. The `destination` address is configured as a storage attribute in the `AbstractTokenConverter` contract.

> If the received amount is less than `amountInMantissa`, or the transferred out amount is less than the expected one, the transaction is reverted, because we don’t support tokens with fees on transferring in this function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the received amount is less than `amountInMantissa` or the transferred out amount is less than the expected one, the transaction is reverted because we don’t support tokens with fees on transferring in this function.
```

There must be a `ConversionConfig` entry for the pair `tokenAddressIn / tokenAddressOut`. Otherwise, the transaction will be reverted.

**What if there is not enough liquidity?**

- The contract will send to `to` 100% of the available liquidity, and it will only transfer from the sender the needed amount to cover the conversion (that will be less than the `amountInMantissa`)

> - It must satisfied the constraint of sending more than `amountOutMinMantissa` anyway

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It must satisfy the constraint of sending more than `amountOutMinMantissa`
```

- See the second invocation example in the section [Get amount out](https://www.notion.so/TD-26-Token-converters-59622320ee6945e2a8e0e6606af2f8b7?pvs=21)

> ### Conversions fixing the amount out

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Conversions Fixing the Amount Out
```

Function `convertForExactTokens(uint256 amountInMaxMantissa, uint256 amountOutMantissa, address tokenAddressIn, address tokenAddressOut, address to)`, where:

- `amountInMaxMantissa`: the maximum amount of `tokenAddressIn` tokens that the sender wants to convert. If the needed amount is greater than this param, the transaction is reverted
- `amountOutMantissa`: the exact amount of `tokenAddressOut` tokens that the sender wants to receive in the conversion
- `tokenAddressIn`: the address of the token that the sender is providing to complete the conversion
- `tokenAddressOut`: the address of the token that the sender wants to receive in the conversion
- `to`: the address where the tokens of `tokenAddressOut` should be sent

The received tokens (`amountInMantissa`) are transferred, in the same transaction, to the `destination` address. The `destination` address is configured as a storage attribute in the `AbstractTokenConverter` contract.

> If the received amount or the transferred out amounts are less than the required amounts, the transaction is reverted, because we don’t support tokens with fees on transferring in this function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the received or the transferred out amounts are less than the required amounts, the transaction is reverted, because we don’t support tokens with fees on transferring in this function.
```

There must be a `ConversionConfig` entry for the pair `tokenAddressIn / tokenAddressOut`. Otherwise, the transaction will be reverted.

> This function could use internally the `getAmountIn` function. If the `amountConvertedMantissa` amount is less than the param `amountOutMantissa`, the transaction is reverted. This constraint is similar to this one: if the liquidity of `tokenAddressOut` is less than `amountOutMantissa`, then the transaction is reverted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This implementation of this function can use the `getAmountIn` function internally because the same liquidity check is needed. If the `amountConvertedMantissa` amount is less than the param `amountOutMantissa`, the transaction is reverted. This constraint is similar to checking that the liquidity of `tokenAddressOut` is less than `amountOutMantissa`.
```

## Private Conversion

> Private conversion aims to maximize the conversion of tokens received from the `ProtocolShareReserve` contract (to any converter) among existing converters in the same `ConverterNetwork` contract. This is done to preserve incentives and reduce user dependence on conversion. Converters will autonomously carry out Private Conversion whenever funds are received from `ProtocolShareReserve`, and no incentives will be provided during this process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Private conversion aims to maximize the conversion of tokens received from the `ProtocolShareReserve` contract (to any converter) among existing converters in the same `ConverterNetwork` contract. This is done to preserve incentives and reduce the dependency on users to perform conversions. Converters will autonomously carry out Private Conversions whenever funds are received from `ProtocolShareReserve`. No incentives will be provided during this process.
```

The `RiskFundConverter` contract extends the `AbtractTokenConverter` contract. It maintains a distribution of assets per comptroller and assets. `ProtocolShareReserve` sends the RiskFund's share of income to this contract which will convert the assets and send them to the `RiskFund` contract.

# SingleTokenConverter

The `SingleTokenConverter` contract extends the `AbtractTokenConverter` contract. `ProtocolShareReserve` distributes the income share among various `SingleTokenConverter` contracts, such as the `USDTPrimeConverter` contract. This particular contract facilitates the conversion of assets to its base asset and subsequently sends them to their designated destination address.

Users can convert tokens through these contracts(`RiskFundConverter` and `SingleTokenConverters`) and receive the converted tokens along with an incentive. A conversion config for the `tokenAddressIn / tokenAddressOut` pair is necessary for a successful conversion; otherwise, the conversion will revert.

# XVSVaultTreasury

One instance of `XVSVaultTreasury` is configured as the destination address in the `XVSVaultConverter`. This treasury is used to fund the `XVSVault`.

# ConverterNetwork

> This contract contains the list of all the converters and will provide valid converters which can perform conversions. Converters will interact with this contract to get the list of other converters open for Private conversion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This contract contains the list of all the converters and will provide valid converters which can perform conversions. Converters will interact with this contract to get the list of other converters open for Private Conversions.
```
